# Ghostbusting

mansucript code and outputs for MEE paper: Ghostbusting - Reducing bias due to identification errors in spatial capture-recapture histories

### Scripts

Contains all the scripts used to generate the results and images in the mansucript.

**2Encounter_functions.R** - Functions to introduce ghosts in capture histories and fit SCR conditioned on 2 encounters.

**CaseStudy.R** - Code used to fit SCR and SCR2 models to snow leopard capture histories from Tost and Munkhairkhan.

**Likelihood_evaluation_time.R** - custom SCR and SCR2 functions to measure computation time.

**Simulations.R** - Code to simulate the landscapes, populations and and multi detection capture histories. Simulation scenarios fit to SCR and SCR2 with a Poisson detection model.

**Simulations_binom.R** - Code to simulate binary detection capture histories from simulated populations. Simulation scenarios fit to SCR and SCR2 with a binomial detection model.

**SimulationVisualisation.R** - Code to generate simulation results in manuscripts including model parameters, tables and images for the Poisson detection model in the main text.

**SimulationVisualisation_binom.R** - Code to generate simulation results including model parameters, tables and images for the binomial detection model included in the supplementary material.

### Data

Contains the data used in the case study - a capture history file, a trap file and the mesh used in fitting the SCR model.

### Case Study

Contains the results from the case study generated by **CaseStudy.R**.

### Simulations

Contains simulated objects generated by **Simulations.R** and **Simulations_binom.R** and the results from **SimulationVisualisation.R** and **SimulationVisualisation_binom.R**.
